Berlin is the capital of Germany and one of the 16 states of Germany with a population of 3.5 million people. The city is well known for its festivals, diverse architecture, nightlife, contemporary arts and a high quality of living. Alexandra Maria Lara stated:” Berlin is not only the city with amazing architecture, scenic parks, endless festivals and unusual food, Berlin is a state of mind.” As for me, the most significant thing  in this city is the atmosphere. The residents say that Berlin is a city-holiday, where something always happens. I was fortunate to visit the Christmas festival in Berlin and was amazed by the fact that completely different and unknown to each other, people celebrate this holiday together in one of the main squares of Berlin.
Many people say that Berlin is a book that has a beginning , but no end. It is true, because even visiting it a thousand times you will still find something new, hitherto unknown. You should start any tour from the city from Reichstag. It has long been the seat of German parliament called Bundestag, but it is open for visiting. Near Reichstag there are some other governmental buildings, Brandenburg Gate and many other historical sites. At this point Spree makes a nice double. Generally, it is just here that you can feel the spirit of the city. At Reichstag you can also take a boat and go down the river until Berliner Dom. You can also do it on foot. Berliner Dom is the largest protestant temple of Germany. It is located in the so-called ‘Museum Island’ where there a number of museum buildings built in classic German style survived. There are five museums in the ‘island’: Old Museum, New Museum, Pergamon-Museum, Bode-Museum, and the Old National Gallery. To have a promenade along “Unter den Linden” is the best evening pastime in Berlin. The street is one of the main avenues of the city where you can admire nice houses. Sans Souci Palace is one of the most important sights of Berlin. It was commissioned by Frederich the Great in Potsdam. The palace is accessed by a beautiful stair flanked by vineyard terraces. If you go outside Berlin and have a rest in the environs of the city, you should go to Spreewald. It is a picturesque biosphere reserve with a great number of streams which you can explore in punts or wander along wood paths. 
If you are going to visit Berlin you have to remember that Germany is a country of unpredictable weather, so you should always take your umbrella. Also to remember  the city for a long  time you should visit it on holidays, because what could be more fascinating than to become a part of the festival.
