The second most often asked question by tourists (right after “how do I get into Berghain”) is usually 
“what souvenirs should I buy in Berlin?” 
I know this for a fact because this is the most popular article on the blog. 
If you were looking for ideas on what to buy in Berlin, you’ve found the right spot.

But what constitutes a good souvenir from Berlin?
I think a good souvenir is always a special item or memory with a story.
It doesn’t have to be a purchase and it doesn’t have to have the letters BERLIN printed on the front, 
but it must be a prompt for a story to tell – something that will trigger a memory or a story about a trip or moment. 
I’ve tried to think of the typical or essential “Berlin” stories that many people who come here often share.

Table of contents

Roasted coffee beans from Five Elephant
Five Elephant is a great little coffee place in a far off corner of Reichenberger Straße, located between Görlitzer Park and Landwehrkanal. In the back of the shop, they have their own coffee roastery and bakery. They’ve become one of the major 3rd wave coffee suppliers in Berlin. 
Bring back a pack of their special beans as a memory of Berlins thriving coffee culture and especially that little corner of Kreuzberg.
Geza Schön’s Molecule 01 perfume
“Molecule 01” by Geza Schön haunted me for years in Berlin clubs before I finally found out the name and brand of the scent. 
This distinct fragrance is reserved for cool Berghain residents and art gallery hoes and Berlins absolute in-scene. 
Mix it with cigarette smoke and Molecule 01 is what Berlin’s nightlife smells like. 
Geza Schön, the creator of the Escentric series (of which Molecule 01 is part of) is regarded as a rebel and revolutionary of the fragrance world. His radical creations ignore the classic fragrance pyramid as well as the constraints of the market or industry. They have not only changed the perception of fragrances, but also the way they are created: 
Schön is the undisputed pioneer of the new German school of perfumery. And so it is just perfectly apt to consider his most popular fragrance Molecule 01 an icon of contemporary Berlin.
But frankly, this city doesn’t need yet another person to wear it, especially not to a Techno party. 
You, on the other hand, can start a revolution in your little hometown. 
Schön’s other perfumes, namely “Kinski” or the Biehl collection, are also worth checking out if you’re looking for more something even more unique. You can shop his most popular editions and works at KaDeWe.
Sunflower seeds and mixed nuts from Kreuzberg
The latest issue of 032c magazine
Techno Vinyl from Hard Wax
Europe Hoodie from König Souvenir
Chocolate from Sawade Berlin
Berlin MitVergnügen Handbook
Berlin Kidz: The System DVD
