Hotels in Berlin
Berlin is a lively city that beats to the rhythm of culture, fashion and the most recent history. 
A symbol of social progress, Berlin has those kinds of attractions and charming districts that dazzle visitors. 
The German capital is a must-see city thanks to the rich culture found in every corner. 
With 10 hotels in Berlin, the modern nhow Berlin included, NH Hotels can offer everything you are looking for to complement your stay, whether this is for business or pleasure. 
You’ll stay in hotels located strategically in the center of the German capital and the surrounding areas, close to the most modern facilities of the new Berlin. 
Choose a unique experience when you stay in the modern nhow Berlin hotel, known worldwide for its focus on design and art, and enjoy one of its luxurious and elegant rooms with fantastic views of the river. 
Go to visit the iconic Berlin Wall from any of our hotels in Berlin; you’ll be fascinated by the graffiti full of symbolism. 
The German capital is a living example of events that have marked the course of history, perhaps that’s why it is today a city full of contrasts in which you can go through Kurfürstendamms commercial area to smaller areas which exude an alternative spirit, such as the Kreuzberg district. 
When you stay at NH hotels in Berlin, some of the main attractions are the stunning Brandenburg Gate, the German parliament building (Reichstag - Bundestag), and Checkpoint Charlie, the main crossing point between the old East and West Germany. 
Close to this last point of interest you’ll find NH Collection Berlin Mitte am Checkpoint Charlie, one of the most elegant and luxurious hotels in Berlin. 
If you prefer, you can also spend a day on Museum Island, a cluster of museums declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. 
A visit here enables you to explore Berlin’s main galleries: Pergamon Museum and the Neues Museum, which houses an important collection of ancient art. 
To bring the day to an end, admire the unique revolving views over dinner at the Fernsehturm Tower, 200 meters above the busy Alexanderplatz. 
NH Collection Berlin Mitte Friedrichstrasse is an iconic hotel in Berlin which is ideally located in the city center close to important tourist attractions, offering excellent facilities such as a gym, spa, and air-conditioned rooms with sensational views of Berlin. 
NH Berlin Potsdamer is another option for visitors, offering an attractive location close to this iconic area of the German capital. 
It’s also pet friendly and offers guests the best services, such as free Wi-Fi access. 
Any of our hotels in Berlin enable you to experience the endless list of things to do and see in the city. 
In addition to an excellent service, we offer connections to the airports (Tegel or Berlin-Schönefeld). 
Be sure to check out the opinions of guests who have already visited us, and book your room at an NH Hotel in Berlin to enjoy the highest quality facilities while you explore one of the world’s most important cities.

Site: https://www.nh-hotels.com/hotels/berlin?campid=8432192&gclid=CjwKCAjwkcblBRB_EiwAFmfyy3gWMpckRZWtKOw39dwj-gO20NIBkBKXG16K_40f5z-Kt9inlqcUjhoCKZgQAvD_BwE
