Why is it so important to travel?
You will get nowhere by staying in your own town your whole life instead of exploring the world. 
If you stay in one place you'll never see other lands, other cultures, other ways of living.
It's like reading  only one page of a book. You learn something, but it's nothing compared to what you could  read, or see. 
It means that you are inexperienced and can't grow as a person. 
The flip side of that is the person who travels afar, and reads from the pages of each place that they visit. 
In this manner, they end up reading the whole book, page by page. 
And like a good mystery, reading a later chapter may just explain something read in an earlier chapter.  
But if you visit just nearby communities with the same culture, you’re going to read the page  that you have previously been reading.
It is my belief that the quote is urging us to learn more about each other, allowing us to  better understand thewhole of the book which is the world.
Beyond attempting to satisfy nearly insatiable curiosity, there is a lot to learn from other cultures and viewpoints. 
Whether you believe their viewpoints or not, it may help you understand why others do what they do and the reasons they believe it is proper and correct to do them.
Knowing more about others also allows you to consider their views and beliefs in the historical context of their corner of the world. 
Those who come from the frozen lands might have different views than those who grew up in the sun-scorched lands.
But you won’t know if you don’t read from their page of the book. 
Discovering different values and ways to get by in life is really interesting. 
You also need to visit exotic new places and discover what this wonderful world has to offer.
Traveling gives us the opportunity to disconnect from our regular life. 
You get to forget your problems for a few weeks, it can also help you figure things out that you would not have understood without the distance traveling can give you.
We all have crazy schedules, work and a family to take care of, going away alone or with some friends can give you distance and perhaps even make you realize how important these people are for you. 
The saying says: we never know what we have until we lose it.
Another great benefit is the relaxation you get to do. 
It’s nice to live life to its fullest and enjoy a stress free time with yourself.
Going on vacation lets us recharge our “batteries” by disconnecting us from our regular life.
When we come back we feel invigorated and we are happy to be back in our day to day routine. 
It’s a very good stress remover that has a lot more to give than most people are willing to accept.
When traveling with friends or family it creates memories for a lifetime. 
These memories will create a bond that nothing can erase no matter what happens with the friendship/relationship. 
It can also give a new perspective on the relationship and cement the bond forever. 
It also gives nice stories to tell people afterwards, you can create photo albums about your trips and when you feel nostalgic you can take an hour of your life and experience the trips again by looking at your pictures. 
I've always enjoyed traveling and having experience with different cultures and different people. 
But it's also a wonderful thing to be able to benefit and enable research, not only in our country but around the world. 
For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return. 
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights, it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
